For testing purposes (don't get hungry):


Tomato, garlic and prawn pasta

Cook off the onions and two crushed garlic cloves in a pan with some olive oil.
Add the tomatoes and simmer for 20-30 minutes, seasoning to taste.
In a separate pan toss the prawns in some butter with the final two crushed garlic cloves.
Cook the pasta in salted water until cooked.
Before draining set aside a ladle or two of the water used to cook the pasta in a bowl.
Add the cooked pasta to the pan of pasta sauce.
Loosen the pasta with the pasta cooking water if needed.
Add the prawns and stir to mix together.
Serve with a topping of fresh pasta and grating of parmesan cheese.


Warm salmon, beetroot & freekeh salad

Preheat the oven to 220°C/ 200°C fan / gas mark 7. Peel and chop beetroot into bite sized chunks. Toss in a little olive oil and salt, and roast until tender – about 30 minutes.
If you have bunched beetroot, wash and chop the stalks and leaves from one beetroot – add these to the roasting dish for a further 5-7 minutes, along with the beetroot chunks.
Cook the freekeh in boiling salted water for 10-12 minutes, or until tender. Drain well.
Line a baking tray with paper and place the salmon fillets skin side up, pat dry, drizzle with a little oil, and sprinkle with a little sea salt.
Roast in the oven for 7-8 minutes, or until the flesh flakes easily. You can discard the skin if you prefer.
To make the dressing, mix the creme fraiche, capers, lemon juice, pinch of salt and pepper, and 1 tbsp of water in a small dish. Add a little more water if needed to make a drizzle-able consistency.
Toss the warm beetroot, beetroot stalks, freekeh, and rocket together. Divide between bowls, top with a salmon fillet, and drizzle with the dressing.


Yorkshire puddings

Pre-heat the oven to 220°C.
Add some oil to the pudding tin to heat the oil.
Place the flour in a bowl, then make a well in the centre and break the egg into it.
Mix in half the milk using a wooden spoon, work the mixture until smooth then add the remaining milk.
Beat or whisk until fully combined and the surface is covered with tiny bubbles.
Allow to rest for 15 to 30 minutes, in the fridge, whisk again before cooking.
Pour the batter into the sizzling oil and bake for 10 to 15 minutes for individual puddings until risen and golden brown.



